(dramatic music playing)
(rattles)
(dramatic music continues playing)
CHRISTINE: They'll need medical
and welfare clearance
before they're discharged.
How are they gonna survive out there,
in the real world?
Most of them were born to teenage mothers
and then adopted at birth by Adrienne.
No court on earth
will give her continued custody
after what she's done to these kids.
And... you know what the saddest thing is?
CHRISTINE: They keep asking
for their mommy.
(theme music playing)
(gentle music playing)
(birds chirping)
(breathes deeply)
REPORTER: ...tonight as hundreds
of flights are suspended,
following the ash cloud from an eruption
in the Puyehue-Cordón Caulle
volcano complex in Chile.
COLIN: Interpol confirmed
an Adrienne Beaufort
cleared customs in Paris on the 6th,
but they lost track of her after that.
Was she traveling alone?
Single first-class ticket.
For fuck's sake.
How could they let her leave the country?
There was no alert on her passport
and she flew out before the raid.
So she was tipped off?
(ominous music playing)
MR. SQUIGGLE: It's splashed spaghetti
that has just escaped from the tin.
That's the tin.
-HOST: An escapee spaghetti.
-MR. SQUIGGLE: It's the tin...
HOST: It's escaped from the tin.
MR. SQUIGGLE: That's the tin of spaghetti.
-HOST: Mm-mm. What on earth...
-MR. SQUIGGLE: You don't like that?
-HOST: It's interesting.
-MR. SQUIGGLE: I...
I see, you don't like it. How's that?
(TV chatter)
(key clanking)
(TV chatter continues)
-You told the Blue Devils where we were.
-I didn't.
You've destroyed everything.
-Where's Mommy?
-The Blue Devils are looking for her.
And you know what they'll do
when they find her, don't you, Amy?
-You know exactly what they're gonna do.
-JOE: Anton.
Amy, how are you feeling?
Good.
Have you found Mommy?
I promise you we're doing everything
in our power to find her.
Do either of you recognize
this little girl?
No.
Amy, is this Asha?
I don't know.
This little girl was kidnapped
and she never made it home.
Asha never made it home?
(suspenseful music playing)
Amy, you wrote in your diary
that Henrik took Asha home
a few days after he kidnapped her.
We're gonna need you to make a statement
telling us everything you know
about what happened to Asha.
Is that okay?
And then you'll find her?
And then I'll find her.
(TV chatter)
REPORTER: The search for missing
Woodfield girl,
Carrie Anderson, continues.
Police have revealed an eyewitness
saw a man talking to Carrie
near the Pike Road turn-off shortly
before she disappeared.
It's believed the man is not a local and
is described as in his mid-to-late 30s.
GUARD: Freya Heywood?
(kid chatters)
REPORTER: It is believed the man
was caught on CCTV footage...
-GUARD: Just need you to sign here.
-...that same day
-at a bottle shop in Woodfield.
-GUARD: And...
REPORTER: Police are asking anyone
who may have seen him to come forward.
-I'll get you to go over there.
-Now it's time for sports with Ian Cohen.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(indistinct chatter)
-Sister Amy.
-Freya.
I've waited a long time for you to come.
I don't owe you anything.
Not even an explanation?
You know why.
HENRIK: Yes.
To protect Adrienne.
And that's all we've ever done, isn't it?
Have you spoken to her recently?
She calls me. Yes.
What do you talk about?
"It'll be all right, Henrik.
A couple of years,
maximum,
and my lawyers, they will look after you."
(laughs)
Twenty-two years
and not one visit from any of them.
And then all of a sudden, a call a day.
They're paying you to stick to your story,
aren't they?
Bryce has been selling off properties.
I'm losing my house because of you.
You have a problem
with me taking their hush money.
Or perhaps you would like me
to tell the police
that your statement, your diaries,
they're all a pack of lies?
I was a child.
(suspenseful music playing)
Thank you for coming, Amy.
What happened to Asha?
SECURITY: Remain seated, please.
Don't ask questions
you don't want the answer to.
You were the last person to see her.
You accuse me again?
Is that why you're here?
I just want the truth.
(soft laugh)
What would you know about that?
Did you kill her?
-I said leave it alone, Amy!
-SECURITY: That's too loud.
Take note!
I wouldn't make a deal with the devil.
(Henrik grunts)
(door closes)
HANNAH: Never seen her before.
One of the children has confirmed
that Sara McFetridge
is the child you refer to as Asha.
No.
Asha is Adrienne's daughter.
Well, how old's Adrienne?
Fifty-four? Fifty-five?
Adopted daughter.
There are no records of an adoption.
You'll have to talk to Tamsin.
She's the one who organized it.
And where's Tamsin?
(laughs)
I don't know.
Did you witness any abuse at Blackmarsh?
Absolutely not, Detective Garrison.
And how do you explain that the children
have the emotional capacity
of two-year-olds?
That most of them have PTSD?
That all of them
are severely malnourished?
When earthly appetites are subdued,
internal strength is fortified.
(light music playing)
Well, can you confirm that this
is your ex-wife Tamsin Latham's signature?
Yes, I can.
Tamsin Latham was the midwife
at St. Aloysius,
the same hospital where the babies
were taken from at birth.
They weren't taken.
They were foundlings, unwanted children.
They were being given a good home.
Is that what you call it?
And what about Sara McFetridge,
Mr. Latham?
Was she being given a good home?
(exhales deeply)
It's Doctor, actually.
Doctor Latham.
We know you drove the van
that abducted Sara McFetridge.
And we have a witness
that said you took her home.
But Sara never made it home,
did she, Mr. Wilczek?
You abducted Sara for Adrienne,
didn't you?
And do you know where Adrienne is
while you're sitting here, taking the rap?
Living it up in gay Paris.
She's got no loyalty to anyone
but herself.
JOE: Even from bloody France,
she's got them in her thrall.
Brainwashed children, I get,
but how any adult can fall
for her bullshit is beyond me.
We've got nothing to prove Asha
was Sara McFetridge.
You heard Amy.
She as good as admitted it.
What happened to those kids out there...
it's giving me nightmares.
Imagine what it's doing to them.
(screeching)
We need to track down Tamsin Latham.
Bank cards, car rego.
She can't have just disappeared
into thin air.
We offer her a deal, maybe she'll talk.
ADRIENNE: And on you is this curse
until the day of recompense.
(ominous music playing)
(birds chirping)
Billy, move.
Billy, take the ball outside.
MAX: Hey, you've reached Max.
Might listen. Probs won't.
Hey, Max, it's... Freya.
Um...
I'd love to see you again.
I was thinking maybe we could...
-go get lunch, or...
-(glass shatters)
I told you outside with that.
But it's too cold.
Well, then put a jacket on!
(sighs deeply)
So... sorry about that.
Um, yeah, just, just let me know.
Okay. (sighs)
(dog barking in distance)
(foreboding music playing)
(knocking)
Hey, Aims.
(dog barking continues)
Does he bite?
That depends.
On what?
Only if I tell him to.
So tell him I'm family.
Sit, Leo.
What are you doing here?
Oh, nice to see you too.
Thank you.
(door creaks close)
Nice pad.
Thanks.
And who is this cool dude?
He's my son. Billy.
Hey, Billy.
Up high.
(grunts)
Down low. Oh, you got me.
(both laugh)
Hey, so, come on,
how do we play this game?
You can only let the ball touch the ground
once before catching it.
-Go.
-(grunts)
That was close.
(Anton grunts)
No balls inside.
Hey. Hey, mate?
Yeah? Better do what your mom says.
-Um-hm.
You're it.
-(Anton grunting)
-(Billy laughs)
ANTON: I'm coming for you.
(Billy chuckles)
ANTON: Got you, got you, got you.
(Leo barking)
When did you get back?
(exhales deeply)
A few months ago.
Hung out in Byron for a bit
and then drove down.
So you're back for good or...
Uh... we'll see.
I thought you were living in Thailand
permanently.
Yeah, well...
opportunities dried up.
Where's Thailand, Uncle Anton?
-What?
-He should know we're related.
Do you like coconuts?
You know, in Thailand, instead of toast
for breakfast, you drink a coconut.
Yeah.
Check this out.
Look, they just drop into your lap.
Can you believe it?
ANTON: Oops.
(laughs)
All right, Bilbo. Bath and bed. Come on.
Oh, yes.
(phone chimes)
So little Abi's getting married.
It's nice of her to invite me.
So how's Mom?
-You haven't seen her yet?
-Not yet.
Right.
Yeah, well, she keeps breaking out
during the day.
The agency are pushing for 24-hour shifts,
which will never work.
Well, it can't be easy pretending
you've lost your marbles all day.
Yeah, she's a good actress.
And she knows the alternative.
Thanks for looking after everything, Aims.
You know, checking in with Mom.
None of the others would have done it.
Hey, uh...
I got us a little something.
Old time's sake?
You're not doing that in my house.
You mean Mommy's house?
I mean, I understand
why she gave it to you.
Wasn't like you could look after yourself.
(laughs)
Mind you, I never got a cent.
And I was the only one
who supported her during the trial.
(ominous music playing)
(gulps)
-BILLY: Uncle Anton, wake up.
-ANTON: Hey, go away.
Get up!
We're leaving for the day.
Can Uncle Anton stay?
Hey. Uncle Anton would love that.
BOTH: Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay!
Uncle Anton's getting in his car.
But I want him to stay.
Please.
-Yeah. Come on, Mom. I wanna stay.
-Please.
I want him to stay.
Please.
We're going. Get in the car.
(Billy grunts)
BILLY: I see Harry. Can I get out now?
FREYA: Just wait till I pull over.
(Harry laughs)
BILLY: Mom, did you pack my library bag?
-HARRY'S DAD: Have a great day, yeah?
-HARRY: Love you, Dad.
BILLY: I can't see it.
Billy?
Yeah, Mom?
You know that man
that came to pick up Max?
Yeah.
His name is Wayne, and he's Max's dad.
Yeah, I know that.
And...
he's your dad.
But how come I've never seen him before?
Well, he lives in Adelaide, so...
Will he live with us now?
No, he won't.
But...
you could spend some time with him.
-Would you like that?
-No.
-Why not?
-I don't know.
Okay. Well, I think he would probably
really like to spend some time with you.
-Will you be there?
-Yeah, I'll be there.
-Okay. Can I get out now?
-Yeah.
(car door opens)
-BILLY: Hey, Harry.
-(car door closes)
-Hi. Billy, wanna play basketball?
-BILLY: Yeah, sure.
HARRY: Let's go to the bottom court.
BILLY: Okay.
(light music playing)
CHRISTINE: Okay, the first step
is to reunite you with your birth families
as soon as we can locate them.
I know this is difficult,
but I'm gonna be there with you
every step of the way.
You're not going anywhere
until you're completely comfortable.
You're going home to families
who love you.
Nobody's gonna hurt you anymore.
And I promise you
that I'll bring to justice those who did.
(light music playing)
Hi.
My name is Susan.
And I'm your mom.
(soft laugh)
Come here.
(Susan sighs)
(dramatic music playing)
(exhales deeply)
Slowly.
Hey, little man.
Hi.
I thought we could have a kick.
What do you reckon?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Let's go.
Reckon you can make it over this?
(grunts)
(Wayne laughs)
WAYNE: Oh, it's gonna be hard
to keep up with you.
(Billy chuckles)
WAYNE: Ho-hoho.
-Oh, good kick.
-(Billy laughs)
WAYNE: Nice legwork, mate.
BILLY: You can't get it.
We haven't managed to locate
either of your birth parents yet.
That's because Adrienne is our mother.
-Well, that may be the case...
-It is the case.
Okay.
Adrienne's lawyers
have contacted Social Services.
Even if you are her biological children,
she's forfeiting any claims to custody.
What does that mean?
It means you...
you become wards of the state,
until we can either
locate your birth parents,
or allocate you to foster parents.
You're lying.
She would never do that. You're lying.
-And you, you did this.
-Anton.
You made Mommy leave us!
ANTON: You made her leave us!
No, no. Put that down, Anton.
CHRISTINE: No!
JOE: Just calm down. Calm down.
-Settle down.
-CHRISTINE: Joe. Joe.
-ANTON: You get off me! You devil!
-JOE: It's okay.
It's okay, mate.
-ANTON: Oh, get off me!
-JOE: It's okay.
-Get off me, get off me.
-It's okay.
(Anton grunts, pants)
It's okay, mate.
It's okay.
ANTON: Mommy. I want my mommy.
ADRIENNE: Turn away from the darkness.
It may gather force
but the light will win.
You have great adventures open before you
and you must walk on,
knowing your Maitreya is with you,
if only in spirit.
COLETTE (in French): Madam?
A call for you.
(in English) The police say they have
proof that I kidnapped Sara McFetridge.
How is that possible?
You had nothing to do with it.
HENRIK: I know. They're bluffing.
Tamsin's gone to ground
and they're looking for a scalp.
Have they spoken to Hannah?
HENRIK: She's holding fast.
What if they find out the truth?
ADRIENNE: Do you trust me, Henrik?
Of course, Maitreya.
Then listen to me very carefully
and I'll tell you exactly
what you must do.
(crickets creak)
(brakes screech)
BRYCE: Colin, I need a word.
I don't want anything more to do with you.
Or her.
Well, that might be a problem because
Detective Saad is refusing to let this go.
Did you take that little girl?
Of course not.
Saad is just trying to discredit us.
If I'd known what you were doing,
what was happening to those children,
I would have...
-I would have never...
-What?
Shared your most intimate confessions?
I'm sure your wife and Superintendent
would be very keen to see
the recordings of your clearings.
Colin, we need your eyes in there.
These people are trying
to bring down Maitreya
and destroy everything we've worked for.
And you can stop that.
(ominous music playing)
(door creaks close)
Hey, Max.
Hey.
Good to finally meet you.
Jump in.
ANTON: Jesus, you are my niece.
That just... blows my mind.
(both laugh)
You know what I realized
having been away for so long?
-What?
-Family's fucking everything.
Especially moms, yeah?
I mean, you only get one, right?
Yeah, well, my dad lied about mine.
Yep.
So...
I found her name on my birth certificate
and Googled it.
I read about The Kindred.
What happened to you, all those
terrible things that Grandma did.
No, come on, Max, it was all lies.
Your, your grandma
is a spiritual leader, okay?
Healing people,
helping them all over the world.
Yeah, come on.
Of course, she's, she's got enemies,
like all great people.
Yeah, no, no, I know.
She, she helped me.
Told me where to find Mom.
Hey, you know what I like about you, Max?
How you can see through all the bullshit
and make up your own mind.
Like with your mom.
A lot of people judge her pretty harshly,
but you can forgive her.
Truth is, leaving you in that hot car,
you could have died,
or worse still,
been brain damaged for life.
Yeah.
But we all deserve a second chance, right?
(dramatic music playing)
(sighs)
(dramatic music continues playing)
(sighs deeply)
-WAITRESS: Here's your menu.
-Thank you.
(clanks)
MAX: Hey, this is Max. Might listen.
Probs won't.
(cell phone beeps)
(sighs)
(breathes deeply)
(birds chirping)
ADRIENNE: Give her time.
She'll come round.
I don't know, maybe it's too late.
Maybe Max doesn't wanna be part
of my life.
Where are the Christmas presents?
(laughs)
-Mom, it's not, it's not Christmas yet.
-We need to wrap the presents.
We will do that, Mrs. Beaufort.
I've already done two loads today.
I don't think my Weetbix-to-milk ratio
agreed with Madam.
Why don't you just try Vegemite on toast?
Oh, then that would make me sick.
Careful, Mo.
They could deport you for saying that.
FREYA: You're staying here.
What?
It's a big house. Plenty of bedrooms.
And it means someone can be
here overnight. Right, Mo?
It is a good idea.
You won't have to worry
about driving in so much, Aims.
I know it's a long way for you to come.
Mind you, I did hear you might be looking
for a new place to live soon.
Hey, after my shower, how about I go
get us some takeaway coffees, yeah?
Would you like that, Mommy?
Yes, darling, yes.
Amy can put up the tree.
Oh, yeah. Get onto that, Aims, would you?
I was wondering, do you have a photo album
I could show Mrs. Beaufort?
It is a great way to uncover memories.
(ominous music playing)
REPORTER:
...at a bottle shop in Woodfield.
Police are asking anyone
who may have seen him to come forward.
ANTON: Amy, get in!
(van door rattles)
SARA: Help!
Down here!
ANTON: Be quiet,
or you'll never make another sound.
(breathes deeply)
FREYA: He had a beard until recently.
He has that same shirt,
and he drinks scotch.
He's a loose cannon, sure,
but kidnapping a kid?
He's done it before.
Done what before?
Lied. Covered things up.
He's damaged, Joe.
He turns up out of the blue
after 10 years.
I thought he'd probably died
in some Thai prison.
That doesn't make him a kidnapper.
He grew up in The Kindred.
It's not like we were taught
that stealing children is a crime.
I'll make some calls.
And see if we can track
where he stopped for petrol
and match it to the time
Carrie disappeared.
And you'll really do it this time?
I'll really do it.
(paper rustles)
-How's Leila?
-Married last year.
Baby on the way.
Grandpa Joe, eh?
Yeah.
Here.
Take this for your dinner.
Thanks.
LEILA: Everyone gets
more pocket money than me.
-DINA: Everyone, huh?
-PAUL: I do.
DINA: If you both did your chores.
You boys played so well on Saturday.
PAUL: Well, if we win the grand final,
I get to bring the trophy home.
-It's the perks of being Captain, huh?
-Mm.
JOE: You're Captain?
That's great.
He's been Captain all season, Yusuf.
Right.
So, Amy, have you started school yet?
Not yet.
What grade are you in?
PAUL: Why is your hair white?
Do you, um...
do you have any hobbies you enjoy?
Okay, uh... what about this one?
("The Look" by Roxette playing)
♪ Walking like a man ♪
♪ Hitting like a hammer ♪
♪ She's a juvenile scam ♪
♪ Never was a quitter ♪
♪ Tasty like a raindrop ♪
♪ She's got the look ♪
♪ Heavenly bound ♪
♪ 'Cause heaven's got a number ♪
♪ When she's spinning me around ♪
♪ Kissing is a color ♪
♪ Her loving is a wild dog ♪
♪ She's got the look ♪
Okay, no offense
but you totally need a makeover.
♪ What in the world can make you so blue ♪
♪ When everything I'll ever do
I'll do for you ♪
♪ And I go la la la la la ♪
♪ She's got the look ♪
You look cool.
(in Arabic)
They seem to be getting along.
I know where you're going with this
and the answer is no.
(in English)
She's got nowhere to go.
(in Arabic)
The answer is still no.
At least think about it.
(in English) I don't have the skills
to bring up
a psychologically damaged child.
You could learn.
And you could learn
to not bring your work home.
Pay attention to what's going on
with your own kids.
(dramatic music playing)
(dramatic music continues playing)
ANTON (singing):
♪ Far away from the bustle ♪
♪ And the bright city lights ♪
♪ Let them all fade away ♪
♪ And just leave us alone ♪
♪ And we'll live in a world of our own ♪
♪ We'll build a world of our own ♪
♪ That no one else can share ♪
Do you remember that time that...
Aunty Tamsin let us watch cricket
in the caravan?
And how Henrik used to smuggle us
in barley sugar?
(soft laugh)
We had some good times.
(sighs)
Why did you write in your diary
that Henrik kidnapped Asha?
Mommy told me to.
Did she tell you to run away?
She said the diary would protect her.
Protect all of us.
But it didn't, did it?
Yeah, it did. She's safe.
But what about us?
She doesn't want us.
She does.
She just can't come back and get us
because of the Blue Devils.
I don't believe in Blue Devils.
She's going to come back for us,
I know she is.
I'm 16, Amy.
I don't have to go to a foster family.
I can get my own place and you can come
live with me until she comes.
I'm going to tell them I lied.
You can't do that, Amy.
We have to stick together.
I'm going to tell them
that the photo was Asha.
And that Mommy made Tamsin steal her
and that you drove the van.
-You can't say that.
-I can.
Fine.
Then when Mommy comes to get me,
I'll tell her what you said,
and then nobody will want you.
You were there, too, Amy,
that day in the van.
ADRIENNE: And on you is this curse
until the day of recompense.
(telephone ringing)
Garrison.
JOE: Colin.
It's Joe Saad.
Been a long time.
I need a favor.
Not again, Joe.
We're square.
We'll only be square
once Sara McFetridge is found.
What is it?
I know who took Carrie Anderson.
Carrie's been found, Joe.
It's all over the news.
The community of Woodfield
are rejoicing today
at the discovery of missing
eight-year-old schoolgirl Carrie Anderson
in the bushland of Lake Eildon.
Detectives will speak to Carrie
when they get medical clearance.
But they don't believe there's foul play.
REPORTER: Carrie was found disoriented
and suffering severe hypothermia.
It's good news, Freya.
At least this one,
she found her way home.
FREYA: Yeah.
REPORTER: ...the rain,
with temperatures dropping
as low as two degrees overnight.
Carrie would have had access
to the fresh water of Lake Eildon
and it's possible she found shelter
in the many abandoned fishing shacks
and holiday homes in the area.
(foreboding music playing)
WILKES: Joe, I've given you your head,
but you've got no proof The Kindred
is connected to Sara's disappearance.
Forensics have found no link.
We get Adrienne extradited,
then we subpoena her followers.
Blow this thing wide open.
I need charges to extradite her.
Abuse. Forgery. Kidnapping.
Drug administration to minors.
What more do you want?
None of it links back to her.
Sara McFetridge was at their compound.
Amy Beaufort confirmed it.
The... The DPP will never accept charges
based on the evidence
of a psychologically damaged kid.
And even if they did, you can't put
traumatized kids on the stand.
The defense will destroy them.
Just let them move on with their lives.
Leave it to Welfare.
This isn't a Welfare issue.
A little girl never came home
and Adrienne Beaufort knows exactly
what happened to her.
All right, find me a watertight charge
and I'll have Interpol slap
a red notice on her.
Thank you.
(telephone ringing in distance)
(indistinct chatter)
(suspenseful music playing)
-Saad.
-RECEPTIONIST: Someone here to see you.
HENRIK: I confess to the kidnapping
of Sara McFetridge.
I took her against her will
and I held her captive.
It had nothing to do with The Kindred.
There's no one else involved.
Can you tell us where Sara is now?
I don't know.
I realize what I did was wrong,
so I drove her home.
But she never came home.
Well, it was late and she was asleep
so I left her on the doorstep.
Why did you kidnap her, Henrik?
I wanted a daughter.
You mean Adrienne did.
Was this her way of stealing children
now that she couldn't get them
from hospitals anymore?
I have given you my statement.
(car door closes)
(birds chirping)
(knocking)
You okay?
You'll find Asha now, won't you?
Welcome to your new home, Amy.
Come on in.
I'll show you your room.
(door closes)
(light music playing)
You can help yourself
to whatever you want.
Beautiful.
You look good, darling.
Good girl.
(all laugh, chatter)
(brakes screech)
(bell ringing)
HANNAH: You may sit.
Get out!
(voices echoing)
YOUNG FREYA AND SARA:
One heart together, we are united...
BRYCE: There are things known
and there are things unknown.
The truth...
lies in between.
We must have the courage to open the door
to the in between.
An alternate perception, as it were.
Now, perhaps more than
at any other time in history,
we have the opportunity to,
to look beyond what is known,
and rebuild our world.
SARA: Amy, help me!
Help! Let me out!
Let me out!
(breathes deeply)
Amy, help me!
There is a splendor inside us
and it cannot be cowed.
You must open the door
to receive the radiance.
ADRIENNE: Darkness will lure us
with promises, tempt us with riches.
But we must never stop seeking the light,
and the grace of the unknowable truth.
(closing theme music)